{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww24240\viewh14280\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Gratings analysis\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone \
There are three basic programs that can be used for analyzing gratings:\
\

\i \ul gratMwksGoodCh\ulnone \

\i0 This is useful for analyzing data on a day by day basis while recording - it looks at the data collapsed across all visually responsive channels. It is not setup to do any channel-by-channel analyses for anything other than displaying PSTHs of stimulus vs blank for each channel. \
\

\i \ul gratingMwksCh\ulnone \

\i0 This is the main analysis program that should be used for doing sensitivity analyses of the data.  This will return measures of mean responses, error estimates, peak tuning, and tuning bandwidth. It can be run as a function (called by runGratArrayMwks) to compare responses by eye.  As it stands, this program is only set up to handle one .mat file at a time, does not do across eye comparisons itself. \
\
As of 9/18/2017:\
tuning and bandwidth estimates are only computed for sf, not yet for orientation or contrast\
\

\i \ul runGratArrayMwks\

\i0 \ulnone This calls gratingsMwksCh and takes the data matrices to do interocular analyses. \
\
\

\i \ul gratMapMwksCh\ulnone \

\i0 Similar gratingMwksCh, but will work with gratMap programs and handles versions of the programs that were run with different locations. }